1. Skill advancement (no clue how to modify this or if i should) Is also very difficult to gain skill.
    Skill advancement rates are set in individual skill scripts.  The
    'CheckSkill' function takes a 'difficulty' parameter and a 'points'
    parameter.  The higher the 'points', the faster the skill will rise.

    We're talking about ways to make it easier to customize this; You
    shouldn't have to edit every skill script in order to run a server
    with faster advancement.  For now, unfortunately, you do.

2. Possible to make random spawn groups? Etc.. Like define the x different amount of creature and it randomly spawns one of them?
    This sounds like a nice addition to the spawn system.  
    "startup/spawner.src" is the spawn script; 

3. Modifying the spawns and the monsters loot... magic weps etc...
    Loot is defined in lootgroup.cfg and loot.cfg
    There are no magic weapons in wepndesc.cfg yet (and no core support either)


4. Stat advancement. What is this based on? Can it be modified to suit a personal servers need?
    "skills.cfg" defines the stat advancement amounts for skill use.

5. Any skills that currently dont work correctly? etc.. poisoning, alchemy, inscription? etc..
    Lots.  We've started a website, at http://poldev.dynip.com/pol, that's 
    meant to have up-to-date data on what skills are complete, etc.  We're
    only now starting to get this information up to date, so a lot of skills
    that are partially functional are listed as "unknown"

6. Create menus.. If i add more things to .menus or etc.. Will an updated file mean i have to redo all that work? 
    Yes, an update would overwrite your changes.  I've got a package system
    in mind that would fix this problem, so you could make your own changes
    yet still install a new release yet retain your changes.

7. Files which I should definitely not touch. (i suppose i just dont know if there are any files that i shouldnt touch at all.) Sounds like dumb question but good to know for reference.

8. How to use the webserver properly? (i couldnt get the "whos online" webpage to work.)
    Sorry; The POL 073 distribution didn't have scripts in scripts\www
    defined, so the "List Onlines Characters" page didn't work.

9. any other commands and etc.. That i wouldnt know about? (i just found out objcount last night!) hehe
    ".help" will list some of them.  I'll try to get a list together.

Im sure this is just the tip of the iceberg.. I think my understanding of the program is getting better. But these are some of the basic things i guess
i dont understand or cant get to work right. Thanks Syz,

RingLeadeR

